Update Canary Release Plugin docs (#1444)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/canary/index.md

      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        Future time in seconds since epoch, when the release will start (ignored when percentage is set, or when using whitelist or blacklist)
    - name: duration
      required:
      default: 3600
      value_in_examples:
      description: |

>        How long, in seconds, should the transition take (ignored when percentage is set, or when using whitelist or blacklist)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The duration of the transition in seconds. (Ignored when the percentage is set or when using whitelist or blacklist)
```

    - name: percentage
      required:
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        Fixed % of traffic to be routed to new target, if given overrides `start` and `duration`
    - name: steps
      required:
      default: 1000
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        Number of steps the release should be broken into
    - name: upstream_host
      required:
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |

>         Target hostname where traffic will be routed, required if `upstream_uri/port` is not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The target hostname where traffic will be routed. (Required if `upstream_uri/port` is not set.)
```

    - name: upstream_fallback
      required:
      default: false
      value_in_examples:
      description: |

>         Whether the plugin should fallback to the original upstream if the canary upstream doesn't have at least one healthy target. `upstream_host` must point to a valid Kong Upstream entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Whether the plugin will fallback to the original upstream if the Canary Upstream doesn't have at least one healthy target. (`upstream_host` must point to a valid Kong Upstream entity.)
```

    - name: upstream_port
      required:
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |

>         Target port where traffic will be routed, required if `upstream_uri/host` is not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The target port where traffic will be routed. (Required if `upstream_uri/host` is not set.)
```

    - name: upstream_uri
      required:
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |

>         Upstream URI where traffic will be routed, required if `upstream_host/port` is not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The Upstream URI where traffic will be routed. (Required if `upstream_host/port` is not set.)
```

### Usage

The Canary Release plugin allows you to route traffic to two separate upstream 

> services, referred to as _Service A_ and _Service B_. The location of _Service A_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Services** referred to as _Service A_ and _Service B_. The location of _Service A_
```

is defined by the `service` entity for the request being proxied. The location
of _Service B_ is defined by the 
`config.upstream_host`, `config.upstream_port`, and/or `config.upstream_uri` as
configured on the plugin.

There are 3 modes of operation:

1. Set a fixed percentage to be routed to _Service B_. See parameter
   `config.percentage`.

> 2. Define a white- or blacklist group with consumers to use/not use destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Define a whitelist or blacklist group comprised of Consumers with allowed or denied access to _Service B_.
```

>    B. The consumer-group association can be configured using the ACL plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Consumer-group association can be configured using the ACL plugin.
```

> 3. Set a period over which (in linear time) the traffic will be moved over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set a period (in linear time) over which the traffic will be transferred
```

   from _Service A_ to _Service B_. See parameters `config.start` and 
   `config.duration`.

### Determining Where to Route a Request

> (This does not apply to white/blacklisting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(This does not apply to whitelisting or blacklisting)
```

The Canary Release plugin defines a number of "buckets" (`config.steps`). 

> Each of these buckets can be routed to either _Service A_ or _Service B_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these buckets can be routed to either _Service A_ or _Service B_.
```

For example: If you set `config.steps` to 100 steps, and `percentage` to 10%, 
Canary will create 100 "buckets", 10 of which will be routed to _Service B_, 
while the other 90 will remain routed to _Service A_.

> Which requests end up in a specific bucket is determined by the `config.hash` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config.hash` parameter determines which requests end up in a specific bucket. 
```

> parameter. When set to `consumer`, Canary ensures each consumer will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `consumer`, Canary ensures each Consumer will 
```

> consistently end up in the same bucket. The effect being that once a bucket a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consistently end up in the same bucket. The effect is that once a Consumer's bucket 
```

> consumer belongs to is switched to _Service B_, it will then always go to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
switches to _Service B_, it will then always go to 
```

_Service B_, and will not "flip-flop" between A and B. Alternatively if it is set to

> `ip` then the same concept applies, but based on the originating ip address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ip` then the same concept applies but on the basis of the originating IP address.
```

> When using either the `consumer` or `ip` setting, if any specific consumer or ip 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using either the `consumer` or `ip` setting, if any specific Consumer or IP 
```

is responsible for more than the average percentage of traffic, the migration 

> may not be evenly distributed. Eg. if the percentage is set to 50%, then 50% of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may not be evenly distributed, e.g., if the percentage is set to 50%, then 50% of 
```

> either the consumers or ips will be rerouted, but not necessarily 50% of the total requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either the Consumers or IPs will be rerouted, but not necessarily 50% of the total requests.
```

> When set to `none` the requests will be evenly distributed, each bucket 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `none` the requests will be evenly distributed; each bucket 
```

> will get the same number of requests, but a consumer or ip might flip-flop between 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will get the same number of requests, but a Consumer or IP might flip-flop between 
```

_Service A_ and _Service B_ on consecutive requests.

> Canary provides an automatic fallback if, for some reason, a consumer or ip can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canary provides an automatic fallback if, for some reason, a Consumer or IP can 
```

not be identified. The fall-back order is be `consumer`->`ip`->`none`.

### Finalizing the Canary

> Once the canary is complete, either going to 100% for a percent-based canary, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Canary is complete, either going to 100% for a percentage-based Canary, 
```

> or the timed canary has reached 100%, the configuration will need to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or when the timed Canary has reached 100%, the configuration will need to be updated.
```

> Note that if the plugin is configured on a `route`, that all routes for the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if the plugin is configured on a `route`, then all routes for the current
```

> `service` must have completed the canary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`service` must have completed the Canary. 
```

> 1. Update the `service` entity to point to _Service B_ by matching it to the url as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the `service` entity to point to _Service B_ by matching it to the URL as 
```

specified by `config.upstream_host`, `config.upstream_uri`, and  `config.upstream_port`.
2. Remove the Canary plugin with a `DELETE` request.

> Removing or disabling the Canary Release plugin before the canary is complete will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing or disabling the Canary Release plugin before the Canary is complete will
```

instantly switch all traffic to _Service A_.

### Upstream Healthchecks

The configuration item `upstream_fallback` uses 
[**Upstream Healthchecks**]({{page.kong_version}}/admin-api/#upstream-objects) 

> to skip applying the canary upstream if it does not have at least one healthy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to skip applying the Canary upstream if it does not have at least one healthy 
```

target. For this configuration to take effect, the following conditions must be met:

 - As this configuration relies on Kong's balancer (and healthchecks), 

>  the name specified in config.upstream_host must point to a valid Kong Upstream 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 the name specified in `config.upstream_host` must point to a valid Kong Upstream 
```

 object
 - [**Healthchecks**]({{page.kong_version}}/health-checks-circuit-breakers/) are 

>  enabled in the canary upstream - i.e., the upstream specified in `upstream_host` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 enabled in the canary upstream, i.e., the upstream specified in `upstream_host` 
```
